# Inspect Block

InspectBlock contains various collectibles for a user to browse, or search for using the Algolia Instant Search and its API. The user selects the items in their inventory to be tokenized, enabling it for trade on the site and other ERC721 compliant dApps. After a successful resolve, the item is marked claimed and added to a table of recent transactions.

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
* `npm` and `node.js`
* [ganache-cli](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli) - create a private Eteherum network
* [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) - connect to the virtual Etherum network generated by Ganache

### Install
Clone the repo to your directory and run `$ npm install` - this will install all unmet dependencies and get the application ready. 

## Deployment
Open a new terminal and turn on the virtual ethereum network with `$ ganache-cli` 
The `ganache-cli` will give you a 12 word token to be input into meta mask, once the connection is made with the private server, call the run script with `$ npm run`


## Inspiration
We were looking for a way to trade our digital collectibles. Collectibles on the market were on websites that looked like they would scam you, with no real guarantee that you would get the item once you made your purchase. Currently, the Steam market places 7 day holds on trades for in game items. We hope to make trading safer and more efficient by tokenizing our in game items, and allowing users to trade with ease.
